RHDEVDOCS-7038: Content creation for Pipelines 1.20.2 RN (#103792)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-20-2.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * release_notes/op-release-notes-1-20.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="op-release-notes-1-20-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {pipelines-title} 1.20.2

> With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.20.2 is available on {OCP} 4.15 and later versions.

Author: Fixed.

[id="fixed-issues-1-20-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

.Operator 

Custom Hub catalog configuration fix::

> With this update, you can successfully configure custom hub catalogs such as TektonHub, ArtifactHub, or other custom hubs through the `TektonConfig` specification. The system now correctly preserves the configured catalog type in the {pac} config map, ensuring consistent and reliable catalog behavior across the environment.

Reviewer: we have made [one release](https://github.com/openshift-pipelines/pipelines-as-code/releases/tag/v0.39.3) in PaC to fix this so I think PaC must be specified explicitly in PaC section?

.User interface

> Navigation tab no longer disappears and installation UI no longer crashes after {OCP} upgrade::

Reviewer 2: The title is incorrect, the description is correct

With this update, pagination functions correctly when the `data_source` filter is set to `archived`. In the previous release, scrolling failed to load additional `PipelineRun` results because the UI client expected the `nextPageToken` field, while the API returned `next_page_token`. This mismatch prevented the `onScroll` callback from creating the next page request, causing pagination to stop after the first page. The UI has been updated to support `next_page_token`, and additional results load as expected when scrolling.

.Tekton Config

Retention Configuration Update::

> If the `maxRetention` field is carried over from a previous version during an upgrade, it will continue to take precedence over the `defaultRetention` field. In such cases, you must manually remove the deprecated `maxRetention` field and configure the `defaultRetention` field with the desired value. This behavior is intentional to prevent breaking existing setups during upgrades. Starting in version {pipelines-title} v1.20.2, the preferred and supported configuration method is using the `defaultRetention` field in the `config-retention` config map.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the `maxRetention` field is carried over from a previous version during an upgrade, it will continue to take precedence over the `defaultRetention` field. In such cases, you must manually remove the deprecated `maxRetention` field and configure the `defaultRetention` field with the desired value. This backward-compatible behavior prevents breaking existing retention policies during upgrades. Starting in version {pipelines-title} v1.20.2, `defaultRetention` is the supported configuration field and should be set in TektonConfig (not directly in the `tekton-results-config-results-retention-policy` ConfigMap).
```

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * release_notes/op-release-notes-1-20.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="op-release-notes-1-20-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {pipelines-title} 1.20.2

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.20.2 is available on {OCP} 4.16 and later versions.

[id="enhancements-1-20-2_{context}"]
== Enhancements

> .Operator

Author: I had earlier kept it as PaC and then changed it to Operator based on your feedback. Please tell me what you want very clearly @zakisk

Before this update, the `Tekton` Operator removed the `catalog-{INDEX}-type` field during conversion, which caused the loss of custom hub catalog types. As a result, custom hub catalog configurations were broken, preventing users from configuring custom Tekton Hub, Artifact Hub, or other custom hubs through the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR). With this update, the `Tekton` Operator preserves the `catalog-{INDEX}-type` field in its config map. As a result, you can now configure custom hub catalogs using the `TektonConfig` CR.

.User interface

Pagination works correctly for archived PipelineRun::
With this update, pagination functions correctly when the `data_source` filter is set to `archived`. In the previous release, scrolling failed to load additional `PipelineRun` results because the UI client expected the `nextPageToken` field, while the API returned `next_page_token`. This mismatch prevented the `onScroll` callback from creating the next page request, causing pagination to stop after the first page. The UI has been updated to support `next_page_token`, and additional results load as expected when scrolling.

> .Tekton Config

Reviewer 4: this should be Tekton Results, replace Tekton config with Tekton results

Author: Fixed.

> Retention configuration update::

Author: Fixed.

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * release_notes/op-release-notes-1-20.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="op-release-notes-1-20-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {pipelines-title} 1.20.2

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.20.2 is available on {OCP} 4.16 and later versions.

[id="new-features-and-enhancements-1-20-2_{context}"]
== New features and enhancements

.Pipelines as Code

PaC defaults to Artifact Hub when hub-catalog-type is empty::

> Before this update, when `hub-catalog-type` was empty, {pac} defaulted the hub type to Artifact Hub. This behavior caused issues for users who were still using Tekton Hub and had configured a Tekton Hub URL. With this fix, {pac} determines the hub type by calling the hub API, ensuring the correct hub type is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, when `hub-catalog-type` was empty, {pac} defaulted the hub type to Artifact Hub. This behavior caused issues for users who were still using Tekton Hub and had configured a Tekton Hub URL. With this fix, {pac} determines the hub type by calling the Artifact hub API, ensuring the correct hub type is used.
```
